(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Okay, girl, tell me about the app. Okay, so we have already talked about this where we said the app is an app maker for your books So you read the book and then what happens? You take a picture of the book. Okay, you get onto the app and take a picture of the book and then what happens with the picture? Then the picture goes away and I'll think and they'll think is this like let's say I want to do Dragons of Tacos and And they'll say ask does this is this Dragons is this the Dragons of Tacos and I'll say yes Okay, and then and then I would and then it would look up and now in and it would change to A recording thing and I would record how I want to make the game Okay, and then I and then and then once it's done and then it will make the game We're like In like do you want to have a conversation with you like ask you how you want the game to work? Yeah, okay So you want to like well, I'll tell it and um, and it will say If I if I want to change it up a little bit So it'll ask you some questions on how you want the game to work and I went to look and stuff like that Yeah, okay. 

Well Well, I want to make it say ask If it's like do you want Instead of that you want to do this. Okay, so you want to give you some ideas like brainstorm with you. Yeah for this because because because I might want because I might have Some better gifts on it. 

So it might one spice it up a little. Okay So you want to like help you spice it up? Okay So you'd like you'd be willing to sit and like wait for it to make the game like up to 10 minutes, okay, okay, cool What if it got done faster like you want to be faster or is it like 10 minutes? Okay Five or ten minutes. Okay. 

Okay, so like faster is better Five minutes or ten minutes or fifteen minutes fifteen minutes is the max. Okay fifteen minute max Okay, so like you'd expect it to be like really good if it took fifteen minutes One more time fifteen minutes is the max. Okay, there's a minute max got it So then what happens so it makes it you wait ten five ten or fifteen minutes. 

It's like building the game No, what happens? And then um, you and then the game will turn into an app and then we get to play Oh, okay. So then like what happens after you play it? What if you like? Do you want it to? Ask for some feedback maybe and see if you like it Yeah, okay, and if I don't like some parts then I'll just change it out. Okay. 

How would you change it up? Would you just tell it say hey like this button button that says? Spice it up. Oh, okay And I'll press it and it will record it and I'll say instead that I Wait And I would say I Want to change this? I'm in this part of again. I Want to change that? To this to this and that and it's a great idea. 

That's and that's how I want it. Okay, awesome Okay, and you want it to work for like any book right so you could do like whatever book you read you read it You take a picture of it. Then talk you talk with the With the game builder about it and then the game builder goes and says, okay, cool Let's think of how we can turn that into a game You talk about it. 

It does some spicing it up for you then build the app you play the game And then you come back and you're like, oh Maybe change this and that until you get it just right and then you play the game. Is that right? Yeah When I'm out of When I'm out of the game when I'm done when I lose all my life's Game on game over. I want to let me Play it again. 

Okay. There's a button that says play again. Oh, so this should be like unlimited lives. 

Is that right? Perfect, okay Excellent. Okay, I think we can do this Mm-hmm Alright And what are you gonna call this thing? But I want it to be on my iPad. Okay, I'm gonna call it the game maker the game maker. 

Okay, cool Alright created by Farah

(Transcribed by TurboScribe.ai. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)